---
title: Hello World II
date: "2019-05-02T23:12:03.284Z"
description: "Part Two of my story so far"
---

#Hello World II

---
Here's part two of my journey so far ...

Leaving Australia was hard for my girlfriend & I, we had spent 2 great years there and although we were excited to see family & friends again we both knew deep down that it wouldn't be long before we missed our lives in Melbourne. After an initial couple of weeks where we spent the majority of our time surprising people & catching them up on our last 2 years, I decided to spend some time putting time into researching the next steps on my career change journey. 

I thought that I would have to bite the bullet & try to get into some form of higher education now that I was home whether that would be University or College, which wasn't a great thought for a 27-year-old but maybe something I would have to do. One day while researching possible Uni's for Computer Science related courses I came across [*CodeClan*](https://codeclan.com/), a 16-week intensive boot camp in Glasgow. I read through just about everything their website had to offer, it all sounded too good to be true for me. The curriculum they have is all taught very hands-on, similar to FreeCodeCamp which is right up my street and as part of the course they would do their best to help you into employment. By this time I was back working at one of my old workplaces, the shipyards in Glasgow, they hadn't changed much since I last worked there & neither had my feelings towards the place or pipefitting in general so after weeks of reading & re-reading the information pack I downloaded I decided it was time to bite the bullet and apply. 

While my application for CodeClan was being considered I went to an info session & a taster session with them, both of which cemented the decision I had already made, so it was just down to hopefully being selected. A few weeks after applying I was invited to an interview with them which included a small test to see how I would react to learning a small snippet of code which was easy enough, then before I knew it I was accepted to start at CodeClan Glasgow. Next came a day 3 weeks prior to our proper start date where I would meet the rest of my cohort & also get our pre-coursework. I spent my last 3 weeks working in the shipyards, pipe fitting during the day then learning the basics of Ruby at night.

I won't go into too much detail about CodeClan here as I will probably leave that for another blog post, but I really enjoyed my 16-weeks there. As I mentioned earlier the style of learning is ideal for me & I couldn't have asked for a better cohort to be in. At the time of writing this, I have been out of CodeClan for roughly 8 months, 8 months without the Software Developer job I crave. I have had 5 interviews I believe for different roles but no success yet. I created this blog to be honest about my journey so I won't pretend that these last months haven't been anything other than **hard**, they have taken a massive toll on me both *financially* & *mentally*, but hopefully writing this blog will help someone else as much as it helps me.

During my time since CodeClan my learning has been sporadic at best. I have let the rejections get the better of me at times, but the desire to become a developer is still there so I'm still pushing on. When not preparing for the few interviews I have had, I went back to FreeCodeCamp to go over their curriculum, I use tutorials on YouTube to learn new technologies & have found *Reddit & Github* to be a great wealth of learning resources. While on Reddit I came across a post about [*No Zero Days*](https://www.reddit.com/r/getdisciplined/comments/1q96b5/i_just_dont_care_about_myself/cdah4af/), reading that has almost given me a second wind when it comes to self-learning, creating this blog has been the first step in another push towards my goal. Right now I don't know what the future holds for me in my career, but the main thing I care about now is getting **1% better every day.** 